[ZEPPELIN-3317] Update personalized mode document page (#4821)
apache/zeppelin: docs/usage/other_features/personalized_mode.md

# What is Personalized Mode? 

Personalize your analysis result by switching the note to Personal Mode.

This enables two different users to change the view of the same paragraph's result with different view even owner change paragraph and run it again.

> Currently, there are several bugs with this feature::
> [Apache Zeppelin Open Issues](https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/ZEPPELIN/issues/ZEPPELIN-4293?filter=allopenissues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, this feature is experimental. If you find any issues, please report them in 
[Apache Zeppelin JIRA](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ZEPPELIN)
```
